*unbarricades window*

Hey there, Mid here. At the time of writing (Feb 1st, 2025) it has almost been a full year since I started playing Project Zomboid! Isn't that cool? Anyway, it has been a slower month this time for Project Lore, mostly because I was away for half the month studying for some exams and then writing them, which apparently is more important that the wiki. (Who knew?) 

During the earlier half though, I managed to write the articles for every new TV and radio station in the game, and am now in the process of getting the older articles up to par. That's basically most of what I did this month, labeling all the transcript entries with the names of the speakers, writing summaries for each station and generally making sure they're fit for "consumption." I'm also in the process of bringing the older articles up to par with the newer articles in order to keep things consistent. 

Alongside this, Blevita managed to do their own thing with the annotated maps articles, taking new screenshots of the maps and writing descriptions for many of the new maps. They also managed to invent a new format for the descriptions that not only works well but is also a bit of a W for people with accessibility issues (i.e. making the map text searchable), props to them for doing that (although it does mean more work later on).

What's next for the project? Currently most of the Radio and TV subproject is complete, mostly it's just me finishing the remaining transcripts. Most of the new annotated maps descriptions are also complete, which means mostly it is just the B41 maps needing an update to Blevita's new format and new images for their maps. That leaves only the media (VHS, CD, books, newspapers), outfits, easter eggs and randomized stories left needing work to bring them up to date and stuffed full of info. Next month after the radio and TV stations I'm going to work towards updating all the randomized stories articles and adding all the new stories in, which will be a large portion of the remaining work.

That's it for this month (I think), I'll be back next month (I think). *barricades door again*
