All floorboard/profession stories are found in RBBasic.java

Building/Survivor stories generation process

On chunk generation:
1. Every building is checked whether it has already been evaluated for building stories
2. Buildings with over 500 rooms are immediately disregarded (???)
3. Valid building stories are checked against, and some specific stories are immediately spawned
    a. Buildings that the player "controls" (i.e. safehouses) are locked out of any building story
    b. Buildings without kitchens, bathrooms and bedrooms are locked out of most building stories
    c. Exceptions are with "forced" building stories, which are always triggered typically at non-residential buildings (Spiffo's, Pizza Whirled, etc along with respective building stories)
    d. Buildings with spawn points and the house in the tutorial are immediately disregarded
    e. Another bunch of building stories are immediately applied at this stage (Jackie Jaye, Nolans, etc)
    f. K&B is separately spawned at building coordinates X: 10744, y: 9409
4. A list of all survivor stories and a select few building stories is initialized
5. The base chance of a story being spawned is determined from the Randomized House sandbox option
    a. Never: 0%
    b. Extremely rare: 5%
    c. Rare: 10%
    d. Sometimes: 15%
    e. Often: 20%
    f. Very Often: 30%
    g. Always Tries: 100%
6. The calculated base percentage is then rolled, determining if the game will in fact spawn a story in the specified building at all
7. A hashmap of all stories in the game is complied with their respective chances
8. The total chances of every story in the hashmap are summed together and a number within the range of 0 to totalChance - 1 is generated (called "choice")
9. The game iterates through each story entry in the hashmap, adding its chance to a subtotal that is compared to "choice", until subtotal is larger than "choice"
10. The story that put subtotal over the limit is returned, or null is returned if nothing gets selected
(essentially the odds of a given story spawning once the game once at this stage is the chance of the story over the total chances of all stories)
11. If nothing is selected (null) the game stops trying to spawn a story
12. Another check is done ensuring the building is of the correct definition for the story and that the world time lines up with the minimum and maximum time range
13. The building is modified according to the story selected


Issues:
- Building stories (Spiffo's, Cafe, etc) seem to be seperately considered from other types of stories (including survivor stories) and I have no clue if they are put together/evaluated separately upon generation
- Step 2, where a building is checked if it is too large, is confusing and I do not know whether the code means to check rooms or tiles in any given building